Use Cases:

SEARCH FOR GAMES

1. User enters search items in search box. -- GN displays all games matching by title and description.
                                            -- GN ranks searches in the following order
                                                1. String matched.
                                                2. All words match.
                                                3. Any words match.
                                            Within each of these categories, GN should rank internally by rating.

BROWSE FOR GAMES (ALL)

1. User selects "browse games" link from main screen. -- GN displays all games.
2. User selects "filter" link at top of screen. -- GN displays advanced search options.
3. User makes filter selections, clicks "filter" -- GN filters results.

BROWSE FOR GAMES (BY CATEGORY)

1. User selects "see categories link" from main page. -- GN displays page with all categories.
2. User selects via checkboxes categories to include. -- GN displays all games with those tags.
3. To further filter, user selects "filter" link as described above.

POST A GAME

1. If user is viewing a game, user goes back to a main page.
2. User select POST A GAME link in the main toolbar. -- GN takes user to post-game page.
3. User fills out form, submits. -- GN takes user to success screen.
4. User clicks "Back to Game Night" button -- GN takes user to GN homepage.

EDIT EXISTING GAMES

1. User clicks "edit game" link on game page. -- GN takes user to post-game page, with info in form. All variations are also
                                                    editable, each in a field under the main game.
                                                    
2. User edits game as necessary, clicks "save game" button. -- GN saves changes AND previous version. Takes user back to game page.

POST GAME VARIATION

1. User clicks the "Post a variation" link at the bottom of the screen. -- GN displays in-line form for alternative rules, simpler                              
                                                                            version of main game-post form, allowing to add new 
                                                                            number of players and new age range for this variation.

2. User clicks "Save Variation" link at the bottom of form. -- GN submits variation immediately, displays new game variation below.
*or*
3. User clicks "cancel" link, form disappears.                                                 

FILTER GAMES

Refer to the two "Browse for games" use cases.

RATE GAMES

1. User, while viewing game, clicks which star rating should appear. -- GN checks to see if user is logged in.
*If logged in*
2. GN displays success message, "Rating saved!"

*If not logged in*
2. Instead of success message, user is prompted by link to log in now. -- GN takes user to login page.
3. User logs in. -- GN takes user back to game page to rate the game.

POST A COMMENT

1. User fills out the comment form at bottom of game screen and clicks "Submit Comment." -- GN checks to see if user is logged in.
*If logged in*
2. GN takes user back to game page with success message, "comment added!"

*If not logged in*

1. GN takes user to login screen, user logs in.
2. GN takes user back to game page with success message, "comment added!"

ADVANCED SEARCH

1. User clicks "Advanced search" link just below the search bar. -- GN displays the same form as the "filter" link, in-line.
2. User selects all search items, clicks "search." -- GN shows results, same page as every other results page with "filter" link on 
                                                        top.
*or*
3. User clicks the cancel link. -- GN makes the in-line advanced search form disappear.

LOGIN

1. User clicks the "login" link from anywhere. -- GN takes user to the login page, asking for username and password.
2. User fills out username and password, clicks "login" button. -- GN takes them to main page with success message, or to page they
                                                                    were on when they went to the login screen.
*or*
3. If not yet a user, user clicks "Click here to sign up!" -- GN takes user to signup page.

SIGNUP

1. User clicks "Click here to sign up!" -- GN takes user to signup page.
2. User fills out information, clicks "sign me up!" at bottom of screen. -- GN takes them to main page with success message.
                                                                           GN sends email with username and password.
                                                                           
EDIT ACCOUNT INFORMATION

1. User clicks "my account link" in top right-hand corner. -- GN takes them to signup page with filled out information.
2. User edits information (except username) and clicks "save changes" at the bottom. -- GN takes back to main page, with success.                                                                                                                                                                                         