Use Cases:

BIG QUESTIONS
Q - Global Navigation
Q - Variations vs References --- how to encourage correct behavior / what to name it

SEARCH FOR GAMES

1. User enters search items in search box. 
            -- GN displays all games matching by title and description.
            -- GN ranks searches in the following order
                1. String matched.
                2. All words match.
                3. Any words match.
            Within each of these categories, GN should rank internally by rating.
    
            ALPHA: Just use ferret search - all words in any order in title or description, ranked only by score

BROWSE FOR GAMES (ALL)

1. User selects "browse games" link from main screen. -- GN displays all games.
2. User selects "filter" link at top of screen. -- GN displays advanced search options.
3. User makes filter selections, clicks "filter" -- GN filters results. -- resubmits

BROWSE FOR GAMES (BY CATEGORY)

1. User selects "see categories link" from main page. -- GN displays page with all categories.
2. User selects one by link. -- GN displays all games with that tags -- home browsing screen
3. To further filter, user selects "filter" link as described above.

POST A GAME

1. User select POST A GAME link in the global toolbar. -- GN takes user to post-game page.
2. User fills out form, submits. -- GN shows the game listing + success message. Or form + error
3. ??? how to add back?

GLOBAL NAVIATION
Q - How do people get "out" of viewing a game?
Q - What about when you just posted one?
Q - What about putting "Post a Game" "Search" and "Browse Games" global?  "Browse by Category?"

EDIT EXISTING GAMES

1. User clicks "edit game" link on game page. -- GN takes user to post-game page, with info in form. 
2. User can also click "edit variation" in a small link next to variation title.  -- uses inline form
3. User edits game as necessary, clicks "save game" button. -- GN saves changes AND previous version. Takes user back to game page.

POST GAME VARIATION

1. User clicks the "Post a variation" link at the bottom of the screen. -- GN displays in-line form for alternative rules, simpler version of main game-post form, allowing to add new number of players and new age range for this variation.                                                         
Q - ?? Variations that change the number of players and category should be a separate entry
Q - ?? Help text?

2. User clicks "Save Variation" link at the bottom of form. -- GN submits variation immediately, displays new game variation below.
*or*
3. User clicks "cancel" link, form disappears.    

REFERENCES
Q - What should we call it? We should encourage people to add "Bughouse" as a "reference" for chess, instead of a variation                                            

FILTER GAMES

Refer to the two "Browse for games" use cases.

RATE GAMES

1. User, while viewing game, clicks which star rating should appear. -- GN checks to see if user is logged in.
*If logged in*
2. GN displays success message, "Rating saved!"

*If not logged in*
2. Instead of success message, user is prompted by link to log in now. -- GN takes user to login page.
3. User logs in. -- GN takes user back to game page to rate the game.

POST A COMMENT

1. User fills out the comment form at bottom of game screen and clicks "Submit Comment." -- GN checks to see if user is logged in.
*If logged in*
2. GN takes user back to game page with success message, "comment added!"

*If not logged in*

1. GN takes user to login screen, user logs in.
2. GN takes user back to game page with success message, "comment added!"

ADVANCED SEARCH

1. User clicks "Advanced search" link just below the search bar. -- GN displays the same form as the "filter" link, in-line. doesn't show any games
2. User selects all search items, clicks "search." -- GN shows results, same page as every other results page with "filter" link on top.
3. Message: All results are optional
*or*
3. User clicks the cancel link. -- GN makes the in-line advanced search form disappear.

LOGIN

1. User clicks the "login" link from anywhere. -- GN takes user to the login page, asking for username and password.
2. User fills out username and password, clicks "login" button. -- GN takes them to main page with success message, or to page they were on when they went to the login screen.
*or*
3. If not yet a user, user clicks "Click here to sign up!" -- GN takes user to signup page. 

LOGGED IN
1. Changes to "My Account __ Logout"      

SIGNUP

1. User clicks "Click here to sign up!" -- GN takes user to signup page.
2. User fills out information, clicks "sign me up!" at bottom of screen. -- GN takes them to main page with success message. GN sends email with username and password.
                                                                           
EDIT ACCOUNT INFORMATION

1. User clicks "my account link" in top right-hand corner. -- GN takes them to signup page with filled out information.
2. User edits information (except username) and clicks "save changes" at the bottom. -- GN takes back to main page, with success.                                                                                                                                                                                         